Added a versioning policy to the documentation. (#8905)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/src/changelog.md

### Deployment notes

> If your currently installed *Quality-time* version is not v5.13.0, please read the [versioning policy](versioning.md) first.

Reviewer: This is already in preparation of a major version bump?

Author: No, the idea is that the version overview in the versioning policy shows when versions can be skipped. I'll change the sentence to 

```suggestion
If your currently installed *Quality-time* version is not v5.13.0, please first check the upgrade path in the [versioning policy](versioning.md).
```
